bpo-37616: Fix incorrect zip path for 3.10 prep (#14874)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2019-07-21-11-11-58.bpo-37616.0pEhuj.rst

> Update `getpath` detect zip path in :mod:`sys.path`

Reviewer: Please use proper sentences in news entries.

I believe using single backquotes around "getpath" is incorrect (as per https://devguide.python.org/documenting). Also, I think the full file path should be used (instead of just "getpath").

`sys.path` is not a module.

> Update ``Module/getpath.c`` read python zip path if python
> version size more than 2 digit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update ``Module/getpath.c`` to read the stdlib from a zip file when the minor version is more than a single digit.
```
